Update probes.mdx (#5903)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pem/9/monitoring_performance/probes.mdx

    To invoke a script on a Windows system, set the registry entry for `AllowBatchJobSteps` to `true` and restart the PEM agent.

-   Use the **Target Type** list to select the object type for the probe to monitor. **Target Type** is disabled if **Collection method** is WMI.

>     probes are used to collect data from different levels of the system hierarchy. The Target Type of a probe defines the specific level within the system hierarchy where the probe will collect data. This ensures that the probe     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Probes are used to collect data from different levels of the system hierarchy. A probe's **Target Type** defines the specific level within the system hierarchy where the probe will collect data. This ensures that the probe     
```

    gathers relevant metrics from the appropriate components of the system.

>     <details><summary>Target Type Configuration Matrix</summary>

Reviewer 2: This table below will not render. There's no blank line between the HTML and the Markdown table.

Reviewer: Review is in progress :-)

>     | Target Type | Execution Level | Columns That the Probe Query Must return              | Probe examples |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Target Type | Execution Level | Probe query columns            | Probe examples |
```

Author: this column name should suggest that the probe query must have these columns these are not optional

Reviewer: How about "Mandatory columns" and rest we can describe in the column description?

>     | Target Type | Execution Level | Columns That the Probe Query Must return              | Probe examples |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

        | Target Type | Execution Level | Required Probe Query Columns              | Probe examples |
```

>     | Target Type | Execution Level | Columns That the Probe Query Must return              | Probe examples |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    
    | Target Type | Execution Level | Columns That the Probe Query Must return              | Probe examples |
```

    |-------------|-----------------|-------------------------------------------------------|----------------|
    | Agent       | Agent           | None                                                  | cpu_usage      |
    | Server      | Server          | None                                                  |                |
    | Database    | Database        | None                                                  |                |
    | Schema      | Database        | schema_name                                           |                |
    | Table       | Database        | schema_name, table_name                               |                |
    | Index       | Database        | schema_name, index_name                               | index_size     |
    | Sequence    | Database        | schema_name, sequence_name                            |                |
    | View        | Database        | schema_name, view_name                                |                |

>     | Function    | Database        | schema_name,  arg_types, function_type, function_name |                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Function    | Database        | schema_name, arg_types, function_type, function_name |                |
```

    | Extension   | Extension       | None                                                  | Extension      |

    **Column Descriptions**
    Target Type:

>     Specifies the target object that the probe will monitor. Each target type corresponds to a different kind of database object or level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Specifies the target object that the probes monitor. Each target type corresponds to a different database object or level.
```

    Execution Level:

>     Indicates the frequency at which the probe Executes Once Per object. This could be once per server, database, or other specified levels, ensuring that the monitoring is appropriately scoped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Indicates the level at which the probe executes. Probes are executed once per server, database, or other specified levels, ensuring appropriate monitoring scope.
```

>     Note that the Custom probe set to a target type of Database or higher (including Schema, Table, Index, View, Sequence, Functions) will be displayed at the database level and System level probes set to a target type of Schema or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that the custom probe set to a target type of Database or higher (including Schema, Table, Index, View, Sequence, and Functions) will be displayed at the database level and System-level probes set to a target type of Schema or 
```

    higher will be displayed until the schema level.

>     Columns That the Probe Query Must return:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Probe query columns:
```

Author: same as above...need to come up with more appropriate name

    Lists the essential columns that must be included in the result set of the probe query. These columns ensure the necessary data is collected for the specified target type.

    Examples:
    Provides specific examples of probes for each target type, helping to illustrate how the probes are used in practice.

    </details>
    <br/>

>     Proper configuration of the Target Type in probes ensures that the collected metrics are relevant and accurate for the intended level of the system hierarchy. By setting the appropriate target type, users can effectively monitor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Proper configuration of the **Target Type** in probes ensures that the collected metrics are relevant and accurate for the intended level of the system hierarchy. By setting the appropriate target type, users can effectively monitor
```
